Well, that's all the risks to Discrete Path Planning.
You've learned the three steps that compose the process,
and you've learned different approaches to accomplishing every step.
With this knowledge, you are now equipped to
choose the appropriate approach for an application.
For instance, if you were working on
a two-dimensional robot simulation on a powerful computer,
you may decide to create a configuration space and
discretize it using approximate cell decomposition.
Then, you'd apply the A* algorithm to search the space for a path.
On the contrary, if you are doing path planning
online on a mobile robot with limited computing power,
you may select a less precise approach in favor of a reduced runtime.
As of many aspects of engineering,
choose the right tools for the job.
In the next lesson, we will build on what you have learned
here and study sample-based planning,
to see how it can be applied to more complex path planning problems.